This section refers to the Administrators web page only.  

To access the Web Page, enter the following address into your browser:
http://sweb.uky.edu/~rrpa224/CS499/

You should see a login screen that requests your Username and Password.  
Here you will enter your Username and Password.  Press “Login”.  
The default username and password is “admin” , “admin” respectively. 

Once logged in you will be directed to the “Welcome” page. 
You will see multiple tabs at the top of the web page such as “Add Food Item”, “Restaurants”, “Search”, etc.  
where you can search through all the food items for a specific restaurant.  
Clicking on any of the tabs will automically direct you to its respective page.  Below is a explanation of each web page.  
You must enter in the correct name including spelling, capitalization, etc. or no food items will be returned.  
To search a food item you will select the restuarant in which the food item resides and then enter the name of that food item.

Add Food Item Tab
Once you have clicked the “Add Food Item” tab you will see a list of text boxes where you can enter data.  
Here is where you can enter all the data for the new food you wish you add.  
Once you have finished filling out ALL the fields you can click the “Add Item” button to submit the data.  
You will then be directed to a page that will notify you of a successful add to the database or a failure to add to the 
database and to try again. Some fields must be filled in such as “Food Name” and “Child Nutrition Label”.  
In the case in which you do not enter in necessary information, you will be notified as to where.  


Restaurants Tab
Once you have clicked the “Restaurants” tab you will first see the option to add a new restaurant.  
Here, you can enter in a restaurant name and then click the button “Add Restaurant” to add the new restaurant to the database.  
Below the Add Restaurant you will see a table that displays all the restaurants that are in the database.  
To delete the database, simply click the “x” under the delete column of the data to remove the restaurant from the database.  
Any action done on this page will redirect you back to the Restaurants page and supply you with a message 
to notify you what had been changed in the database. 


Search Tab
Once you have clicked the “Search” tab you will first see a drop down menu and a text box that will allow you to search 
food items by all restaurants or by specific restaurants. 
The search text box works by matching what you have typed with any item in the database that contains the sequence of 
characters you have entered.  
For example, if you enter “Burger” you will see all food items that contain the word “Burger” in them based on which restaurants 
you have selected to search by.  Once you have click search you will see a table that displays the food items.  
This table also has a “Edit” button and a “Delete” button.  
If you click delete, the food item will be deleted. 
If you click edit, you will be directed to a edit web page that displays all the information of the food you selected in text boxes.  
From here, you can edit any of the text boxes and then click the “Edit” button at the bottom of the page.  
This will direct you to a confirmation or error page that will tell you if the food was edited or not. 


Notification Tab
Once “Notification” tab is clicked, user can type a notification to be sent to Mobile app users.
To send this notification, user needs to type a notification into Daily Notification text area. 
Once done typing, user needs to click Upload button. Upon, successful sending of notification, user will see “Notification Sent” message. 
In order to send notifications, user does not need to Logout. Unlike other functionality where user needs to Logout in order for Mobile app user to see the updates are available.



App Users Tab
Once “App Users” tab is clicked, user can see the Mobile App users information. 
This includes age, height, weight, sex, activity factor, and bmi. User can delete the information if it looks correct. 
If a user clicks on delete tab, user will see “User deleted” message. All this information is collected by having consent from mobile app users.



Add account Tab
By clicking the “Add account” tab, only “Super User” can add new user to access Web interface. 
No other user than a super user can add new account to web interface. 
This means other users cannot see this “Add account” tab.
In order to add new account Super user has to insert “Username” and “Password”, it is important to 
know this username and password, because once inserted into database Super user cannot see 
what were the Username and Password. It could be useful, if it Super user has a way to see Usernames and Passwords. 


Logout Tab
Upon clicking logout user will be logged out of the web interface. In order for Mobile Apps to see the availability of updates, 
Web interface user has to log out. So, logout is mandatory in  order for Mobile Apps user to see new updates.


Click “Search”

You will see all of the nutritional information for that particular food item. 
You can edit any field for that food item as long as it meets the criteria of the database.   
Once you make the changes to the food item you can click “Submit Edits” at the bottom of the page. 
If what you tried to submit did not meet the criteria of the database,  i.e.  you cannot assign a FoodID 
that already exists, the web page will display any errors in the edit and tell you why it could not make the changes.

There is also an option to delete the food item by clicking the button “Delete Food”.

If you go back to the search page you will also notice there is a button that says “Add a Food”. 
If you click this button you will be directed to the add food page.  
Here you must fill out the empty text boxes and then click the “Add Food”  button at the bottom of the page.  
Like the edits of a specific food, If what you tried to submit did not meet the criteria of the database,  
i.e.  the restaurant you entered does not exist, the web page will display any errors in the edit and tell you why it could not save the new food.

If you again go back to the search page you will also see a “Restaurants” link.  
If you click this link you will be taken to a page that displays all of your current restaurants. 
You can delete any restaurant by click “Delete Restaurant” or add a new restaurant by filling in the text boxes.  
If you try to use an existing ID or an existing Restaurant name the add will not work.

You will also notice a Logout at the top of every page.  By clicking this link you will be logout and then redirected to the Login page.
